docs: add landing page for kafka (#30838)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/ingest-data/kafka/_index.md

---
title: "Kafka"
description: "Connecting Materialize to a Kafka source."
disable_list: true
menu:
  main:
    parent: 'ingest-data'
    identifier: 'kafka'
    weight: 20
---

> Materialize provides native connector for Kafka message broker. To ingest data
> from Kafka, you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materialize provides a native connector for Kafka (and Kafka API-compatible) message brokers. To ingest data using this connector, you need to
```
